King County House price prediction- Regression Model with Regularization
The data set for this exercise includes information on house sales in King County, WA (between May 2014 and May 2015). (Each row in the data set pertains to one house. There is a total of 21,613 houses in the data set). You will use this data set to predict the sale price of a house (i.e., the price column) based on the characteristics of the house. This is important, because this information can be helpful for buyers, sellers, realtors, and lenders.

SVM Classification
This data set is made available by http://www.baseball-reference.com. It contains data about professional baseball (MLB) games played in the 2016 season. There are 2,427 games in the data set. Each row represents a single game. The goal is to predict the attendance at a home team’s game. This is an important task because most franchises want to predict the number of attendees for a variety of reasons including profits.

Hospital Readmission Prediction- Decision Tree Classification
This data set is made available by the Center for Clinical and Translational Research, Virginia Commonwealth University. It contains data about 10 years of clinical care at 130 US Hospitals. Each row represents a single patient. The columns include the characteristics of deidentified diabetes patients. This is a binary classification task to predict whether a diabetes patient is readmitted to the hospital within 30 days of their discharge (1=Yes, 0=No). This is an important performance metric for hospitals as they try to minimize these types of readmissions.

Student Alcohol Consumption Prediction based on study pattern  -Ensemble Classification
The data set contains data about high school students. Each row represents a single student. The columns include the characteristics of deidentified students. This is a binary classification task: predict whether a student drinks alcohol or not (this is the Alc column: 1=Yes, 0=No). This is an important prediction task to detect underage drinking and deploy intervention techniques.

Job Salary Prediction using Job Description- Text Mining
The data set for this exercise includes information on job descriptions and salaries. Use this data set to see if you can predict the salary of a job posting (i.e., the Salary column in the data set) based on the job description. This is important, because this model can make a salary recommendation as soon as a job description is entered into a system.

Bank Loan Defaulter prediction- Neural Network Classification
It contains data about the home loans of 2,500 bank clients. Each row represents a single loan. The columns include the characteristics of the client who used the loan. This is a binary classification task: predict whether a loan will be bad or not (1=Yes, 0=No). This is an important task for banks to prevent bad loans from being issued.

Transport mode Prediction-Deep Neural Network - Classification
Dataset contains data about smarthphone sensors as people are using different modes of transportation. Each row represents a specific mode of transportation and the corresponding readings in the smartphone sensors (for that mode of transportation). This is a multiclass classification task to predict whether the mode of transportation based on a smartphone's sensor readings. Transportation mode prediction can provide context information to enhance applications and provide a better user experience. It can be crucial for many different applications, such as device profiling, monitoring road and traffic conditions, healthcare, travel support etc.

Lego Bricks-CNN Classification
The data set contains rendered images of 16 different types of Lego bricks. This is an image classification task: build a model that can correctly identify lego bricks. Used the train folder and build a model to predict the category of each image. Then, validated the model on the images in the valid folder. 

Heart Condition Prediction-RNN Sequence Classification
This data set is made available by MIT. It contains data about 9,026 heartbeat measurements. Each row represents a single measurement (captured on a timeline). There are a total of 187 data points (columns) for each measurement. This is a multiclass classification task: predict whether the measurement represents a normal heartbeat or other anomalies.
